#summary Frequently Asked Questions
#labels Phase-Support

= Introduction =

You should know what this list is for :)

= Users =

===Can my phone install this application?===
If your phone have Java installed and support CLDC 1.0, MIDP 2.0 or above, you can install this application.

===What do I need to use this application?===
This is an online application. Your phone must be able to connect to Internet via GPRS, 3G or Wifi.

===I don't have mobile phone. Can I try this application on PC?===
Yes, you can use Live Demo (more instruction at [http://code.google.com/p/jvnmobilegis/wiki/LiveDemo LiveDemo] page).

===How to install this application?===
 * Over the air installation: You can enter this URL http://jvnmobilegis.googlecode.com/svn/JVNMobileGIS.jad to your phone browser (I know it's long, will deploy it to a different server if possible)
 * Via PC installation: Connect your phone to your computer through cable, bluetooth, IR or Wifi. Copy the JVNMobileGIS.jar file to your phone, open it and install.

===What the executable package is for?===
It's for demo on Windows PC purpose only. Users can run it without any installation in case of he/she doesn't have mobile device or he/she wants to test before install.

===I see "no trusted certificate store given" error when getCapabilities from HTTPS. I'm using executable package===
The executable emulator has problem with HTTPS, SSL. You can try another normal HTTP server or try in real device.

===How to uninstall?=== 
It depends on your phone. Please refer to phone's User Guide document

===What is the cost of using this application?===
There is no cost of buying this application. But because it is an online application, it will connect and get data via your network so your monthly bill maybe huge.

===This application is difficult to use===
At first, this application is for GIS specialists. But we're improving to make it more user-friendly

===Does JVNMobileGIS support GPS?===
No, it doesn't support GPS for now.

= Developers =

=== How can I join this project? ===
Send a message with subject: [PROJECT-MEMBER-REQUEST] xxxxxx
to [http://groups.google.com/group/JVNMobileGIS discussion group]

=== What do I need to know to join this project? ===
You have to have good knowledge of Java ME, basic knowledge of GIS.

=== What tools do I need? ===
Please read [http://jvnmobilegis.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/README_DEVELOPERS.txt Developer README] 

=== Can I develop this project in Linux? ===
Of course you can. I'm developing it in Ubuntu now